1) The young female is attractive and has pale skin.  She has heavy makeup and attractive. Her hair is brown wavy and wears attractive smile.  She has a slightly open mouth and a pointy nose.  The female has a 5o' clock shadow and has straight hair. She is young, attractive and lipstick

2)

3) The old female is not attractive and has pale wrinkled skin.  She is very old and has heavy makeup. Her hair is gray and wavy.  She has a slightly open mouth and a pointy nose.  The old female has wavy hair and her face is chubby.  She is wearing lipstick

4) This young man has high cheekbones. He has straight hair which is brown in colour. He has arched eyebrows and a slightly open mouth. He has a receeding hairline. He is young with arched eyebrows

5) A young attractive female has an oval face and thin eyes. She has low cheekbones and her hair is black and wavy. The young female has a pointy nose and is smiling. Her eyebrows are arched, she has light makeup and wears lipstick

6) Rinku Singh - This old man has gray balding hair and wears a blue necktie. He has wrinkles on his face and is old. He has small ears, a pointy nose and is frowning. He is wearing pink spectacles and has a chiseled jawline

7) This old woman has gray balding hair and wears a blue necktie. She has wrinkles on her face and is old She has big ears, a pointy nose and is frowning. She is wearing pink spectacles, has big lips and a sexy jawline

8) Sapna - A young female has a circular face with eyeglasses. She has a small, round nose. The female has straight black hair and has high cheekbones. She has big eyes with arched eyebrows. The young female wearing eyeglasses has small lips with lipstick

9) Sapna 2.0 - A young female has a circular face with spectacles. She has a small, round nose. The female has straight black hair and has high cheekbones. She has big eyes with arched eyebrows. The young female wearing spectacles has small lips with lipstick

10) Bushy guy - This young man has high cheekbones and a thick black beard. He has wavy black hair. He has arched eyebrows and a slightly open mouth. The young male has a black beard and a receding hairline. He is young with arched eyebrows

11) Specs girl: a young female  has a pointy nose. She looks attractive and is wearing spectacles. She has wavy hair and arched eyebrows. She looks attractive and wears spectacles

12)She is brown

The young female looks attractive. She has a pointy nose and looks attractive. She has straight hair and has heavy makeup. She is attractive and has black hair.

The young female looks attractive. She has a pointy nose and looks attractive. She has curly hair and has heavy makeup. She is attractive and has brown hair.

13)Brown girl,she is pretty attractive,she has a pointy noise,big ears and blonde hair

14) Demon a young white female , she has  big eyes.She has huge nose.She has Pointy  big  ears and spectacles .She has red lips

15) Nitosh Girl : The young female looks attractive. She has a pointy nose and looks attractive. She has straight hair and has heavy makeup. She is attractive and has black hair.She has square face .She has red lips.She has high cheekbones.She has Pointed eyebrows.She has thin nose.

16) This young man has a double chin and an oval face. He has straight hair which is brown in colour. The young man has arched eyebrows and a slightly open mouth. He has a receeding hairline and rosy cheeks. He is young with rosy cheeks and a chubby oval face

 This young female  is chubby and  has an oval face. She has straight hair which is brown in colour. The young woman has arched eyebrows and a slightly open mouth. she has a receding hairline and rosy cheeks. She is young with rosy cheeks and a chubby oval face


































